---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: true
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-23T15:53:03.968Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-23T15:53:00.340Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-23-695acaa6-824e-4195-8a7a-edfe83172999.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: 695acaa6-824e-4195-8a7a-edfe83172999/index.html
_type: Article

---
Christian Apologetics

I have created this Grid Beta website to test the quality of its design, and I have decided to use this as a platform for my message. My mission is evangelism undergirded by apologetics.   I have one goal, and that is to be a beggar leading other hungry beggars to the bread. I am not here to change minds, only to answer honest questions.

As we continue, remember this story is not about us... it is about Him. 

My name is Kris Ashlock. I am nothing more or less than a sinner saved by grace. Grace to me means Jesus knew every sin I will commit until my last breath and still deemed us worth the cost. God, condescended to me in my sin and changed my life. One day I needed to know more and I needed real answers to life's biggest questions.  I was so over religion, as I had tried that before and it does not work, but then I found Him, well I believe He found me. 

I wanted so badly to maintain the control over my life and fix my problems, but I found that at the root of all of my problems there was a mirror looking right back at me. Even if I did not dig deep enough to find all the mirrors before, in the light of Christ all is revealed. Instantly, the nakedness and exposure I felt brought a new understanding to the purpose behind Adam and Eve using fig leaves to cover themselves from God. The reason in simple: sin. Not the Sunday school kind, but the guilt in the back of my mind keeping me awake, the depravity that lust leaves imprinted on your soul, theft, anger, coveting, having thoughts that would make me blush, and worst of all the guilt of being too proud to admit I was the problem. 

Imagine every wrong you have done, the most heinous of your evil deeds, laid open exposed before God,  that same God you thought was imaginary. That is where I was, under the weight of God's perfect law I was exposed. That is where the story truly begins; and the star was grace. The message from Jesus is so clear, "Kris, I know what you have done. I don't condemn you, I love you."  If only for a moment we could start looking out instead of looking in, we could finally hear the greatest story ever told. We are created in God's image, and He being God knew what mankind was going to do even before God spoke those very first words of Genesis,  and He still made us. That is just the beginning of the story, but let's fast forward to my favorite part.... God left His eternal majesty adoration, praise, and came down to us as a vulnerable baby lying in a manger. Why? 

Jesus became that little baby so that He could save the world. We do not want God to meddle in our lives because we are to busy filling those shoes of God ourselves. My biggest problem is still me, that is not going to change this side of eternity. Being God, He knew this, and still went to that cross for you and me. On which, Jesus cried out, "My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?" (a quote of Psalm 22:1).

Without going into too much depth I think it is fair to say that the excruciating (a word meaning a pain like the pain of crucifixion) pain God in the person of Jesus suffered on the cross is incomparably less than the spiritual pain of being completely abandoned by the Father.But, three days later He rose from the dead and promised those who trust in Him, life; eternal life.

Without the cross and resurrection there is no way to account for our sin, and we all know we sin. Do you not even fall short of your standards, let alone God's? I cannot even imagine a Kris without sin for a day, let alone a world without sin. \[Note: This is why I shy away from eschatology, my mind is too sinful to comprehend a reality without me as the star of the show\].  But, thanks be to God through Jesus Christ who died in your place so that you do not have to keep up your good deeds and try harder, because if you are anything like me you know that your best effort fails. 

**That is why being a Christian is not about being a good person**. It is about rejoicing in God's grace, **finished work**, and having hope in our eternal home with a perfect God, who made the greatest sacrifice for us. This life is so much more than a checklist of deeds, Christ has freed us so we can enjoy freedom.

"We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us. When we discover this, we are less prone to hate our enemies." ~ Martin Luther King, Jr

We are all sinners, and we are all in need of love.